suggestions to model concepts (#4)
LucidtechAI/cradl-docs: concepts/models.md

# Models

> A model in Cradl is a custom machine learning model that can be trained to make [Predictions](predictions.md) on [Documents](documents.md) to extract exactly the data you need. The models will be tailored to the training data you supply in [Data bundles](training-data.md), and can extract a diverse range of data depending on your needs. Some examples are; date and total amount from receipts, specific payment data from invoices, or name and age from ID cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A model in Cradl is a custom machine learning model that can be trained to make [Predictions](predictions.md) on [Documents](documents.md) to extract exactly the data you need. The models will be tailored to the training data you supply in [Data bundles](training-data.md), and can extract a diverse range of data depending on your needs. Some examples: date and total amount from receipts, specific payment data from invoices, or name and age from ID cards.
```

The process of tailoring an algorithm to your specific use case is called _training_. Similar to how you would train a fresh employee to read out information from forms and documents, we teach your models how to extract data. This means we need to have a good set of _training data_ to begin teaching from, in the form of [Datasets](datasets.md) bundled together in a [Data bundle](training-data.md).

{% hint style="warning" %}

> It is important to have enough training data that is both are correct and of high quality. If the training data has errors, you will be teaching your model to make those same errors. Read more about [Data quality](training-data.md#data-quality) if you are in doubt whether your data will be good enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to have enough high quality training data. If the training data has errors, you will be teaching your model to make those same errors. Read more about [Data quality](training-data.md#data-quality) if you are in doubt whether your data will be good enough.
```

The `height` and `width` parameters of the model define the shape of images that the model accepts. If you use a differently sized image, or a PDF, as input to the model, it will be resized to `height x width` before entering the model.

> The size of the images has implications for training time, response time and accuracy of the model, since larger images require more computation to process, while higher resolution *can* improve the reading quality of the model - especially if your images contain fine print that would be illegible at lower resolutions.

Reviewer: Breaking up long sentence.

```suggestion
The size of the images has implications for training time, response time and accuracy of the model. This is because larger images require more computation to process, while higher resolution *may* improve the reading quality of the model - especially if your images contain fine print that would be illegible at lower resolutions.
```
